packages/editor/public/_docs/README.md, before:

# Welcome to TypeCell

Hi there 👋 ! Welcome to the community preview of TypeCell, an experimental _live notebook programming_ environment for the web.

This guide should help you to get started, and learn more about the ins & outs.

## Tutorial

Complete the tutorial to get familiar with TypeCell:

» [Interactive introduction](/docs/interactive-introduction.md)

## Reference manual

We've written about the main functionality of TypeCell in the [manual](/docs/manual):

- [Notebooks and cells](/docs/manual/1.%20Notebooks%20and%20cells.md)
- [TypeScript and exports](/docs/manual/2.%20TypeScript%20and%20exports.md)
- [Reactive variables](/docs/manual/3.%20Reactive%20variables.md)
- [Working with user input](/docs/manual/4.%20Inputs.md)
- [Imports & NPM](/docs/manual/5.%20Imports%20and%20NPM.md)
- [Collaboration](/docs/manual/6.%20Collaboration.md)

## Demos

Another good way to learn is to check out some notebooks from our community:

» [View demo notebooks](/docs/demos.md)

# Feedback ❤️

As always, we'd love to hear your thoughts and see your experiments, so [come and say hi on Discord](https://discord.gg/TcJ9TRC3SV) or [Matrix](https://matrix.to/#/#typecell-space:matrix.org) as well.

Commit message:

copy all guest docs on signup (#357)
* copy all guest docs on signup

* fix console errors

* fix

* fix

* fix

* remove markdown export

* change ci order

* fix test

* fix test?

* fix test

* docs fixes

* fix tests

* fix test?

* startscreen changes

packages/editor/public/_docs/README.md, after:

# Welcome to TypeCell

Hi there 👋 ! Welcome to the community preview of TypeCell, an open source platform for _live_, _interactive_ documents.

A TypeCell document (like the one you're looking at!) is similar to a document in _Notion_ or _Google Docs_. Go ahead and try editing this page.

However, TypeCell comes with a _Live Programming Environment_, that makes it possible to create your own blocks and build rich, interactive documents:

```typescript
export default (
  <div>
    <em>Hello from React!</em>
  </div>
);
```

This guide should help you to get started, and learn more about the ins & outs.

## Tutorial

Complete the tutorial to get familiar with programming in TypeCell:

- [TypeCell live coding tutorial](/docs/Live%20coding%20tutorial.md)

## Reference manual

We've written about the main functionality of TypeCell in the [manual](/docs/manual):

- [Notebooks and cells](/docs/manual/1.%20Notebooks%20and%20cells.md)
- [TypeScript and exports](/docs/manual/2.%20TypeScript%20and%20exports.md)
- [Reactive variables](/docs/manual/3.%20Reactive%20variables.md)
- [Working with user input](/docs/manual/4.%20Inputs.md)
- [Imports & NPM](/docs/manual/5.%20Imports%20and%20NPM.md)
- [Collaboration](/docs/manual/6.%20Collaboration.md)

## Demos

Another good way to learn is to check out some notebooks from our community:

- [View demo notebooks](/docs/Demos.md)

# Feedback ❤️

As always, we'd love to hear your thoughts and see your experiments, so [come and say hi on Discord](https://discord.gg/TcJ9TRC3SV) or [Matrix](https://matrix.to/#/#typecell-space:matrix.org) as well.
