# TypeScript and exports

TypeScript cells are the main way to write code in TypeCell Notebooks.

You'll get all the benefits of the [Monaco Editor](https://microsoft.github.io/monaco-editor/) while writing code, the same editor that powers VS Code!

Note that TypeScript code still executes, even if there are type errors.
This allows you to quickly write and test code, but still get hints about possible bugs.

<small>Note that this means that any <strong>JavaScript</strong> code works in TypeCell as well (i.e.: you don't <em>need</em> to type everything if you don't want to).</small>

In the example below, you'll notice that we get an error because we assign a `number` to a `string` variable, but the code still executes regardless.


```typescript
export let message = "hello";
message = 4;

```

## Exports

You can export variables from your code, and they'll show up as *output* of the cell. Above, we've exported a single `message` variable.

You can also export multiple variables from a cell, and the _inspector_ will help you to view the output:


```typescript
export let firstVariable = "Hello world";
export let vehicle = {
  color: "red",
  wheels: 4,
};

```

### DOM Elements

You can create and export DOM Elements to display them directly:

```typescript
export let element = document.createElement("button");
element.innerText = "This is a button. Click me!";
element.onclick = () => window.alert("Hello!");

```

### React / JSX

Think direct DOM manipulation is a little too old school for you? TypeCell supports React & JSX to make your life easier: 

```typescript
export let reactElement = (
  <button onClick={() => window.alert("Hello from React!")}>
    This is a React Button
  </button>
);

```

## The `default` export

You use a `default` export to indicate which variable should be displayed in the output.

The following cell exports 2 variables, but only one is displayed in the output:

```typescript
export let myNum = 42;

export default <div>The number is: {myNum}</div>;

```

Now you might ask; what's the use of exporting `myNum` if you don't see it in the output?

This is because exported variables can be reused across cells and notebooks; one of most powerful features of TypeCell!

Continue to learn more about exported variables and Reactivity.